feat: add custom data handler (#242)
SRGSSR/pillarbox-web: docs/api/tutorials/Options.md

The options in this section complement those of video.js, further customizing the player experience.

### `srgOptions.dataProvider`

***Specific to media content from SRG SSR.***

> Specifies a custom function returning an object representing an SRG SSR media content. This function
> must take as parameter a string representing the mediaComposition and return a JSON object
> representing the mediaComposition.

Reviewer: I would suggest the following improvement:

```suggestion
Specifies a custom function returning an object representing an SRG SSR media content. This function
takes a single parameter: the string initially passed as the player's source , and return a JSON object
representing the mediaComposition.
```

Since the parameter doesn't have to be `a string representing the mediaComposition`, it is in the case of the example, but it could be an arbitrary value.

Author: Very better thank you! I just removed the extra space between `source` and `,`
